Dragon Lao
How's it going?
suffocation
No signs of a fight
The room is not open either.
Timed suicide
Last month, two brides committed suicide
The moon is too expensive again
It's still on the town
This scared the people to death
That's not possible.
How could my daughter commit suicide on her wedding night?
The old man said that suicide is suicide
Hurry up and come to the aftermath, wait a minute
Your daughter didn't commit suicide
But murder murder
Humph where did the kid come from
You dare to question the judgment of my gold medal five dragon kings
Destroyed the scene
Do you take up this responsibility?
Somebody insert it for me, don't be rude
These are the five masters who saved my life
Who dares to be unreasonable?
Do not do
The old man has 5 seats vertically and horizontally
exploration tree
no rival
You are a yellow-mouthed boy, please comment Yes Miss
How dare you be a corpse
But
The person who fiddles with the corpse will use the corpse to deceive you
Paper media is easy to break
Can also give you a clue
Hahaha, it's ridiculous.
Oh, Song Xueyue
I know you are capable
But this old dragon is also an expert I invited
Already unfathomable
Marshal
let
I'd like to see it
Splendid kid
How to overthrow the old man's Chrysostom
Then if I can prove he murdered
The old man knelt down and called you grandpa